ORD-1794439-01

PATHOLOGICAL DIAGNOSIS: Uterus endometrial adenocarcinoma papillary serous
Test Name: FoundationOne CDX 

Relevant Biomarkers 

Biomarker Findings
Microsatellite status - MS-Stable
Tumor Mutation Burden - 7 Muts/Mb

Genomic Findings alternation [VAF%]
CCNE1 amplification
FBXW7 R479Q [16.48%]
KIT amplification - equivocal
MDM2 amplification
MYC amplification
PDGFRA amplification
BRAF D594N [3.05%]
FUBP1 deletion exons 2-11 [2.42%]
KDR amplification - equivocal
MED12 G44D [31.15%]
SPOP E46K [19.67%]
TP53 R248W [13.06%]

Diagnosis: Uterus endometrial adenocarcinoma papillary serous
MP No.:
Sample Type: Uterus, Slide Deck
Block Number: S112-69102E (PF24003)
Tumor Percentage: 40%
NGS QC parameters: The median exon coverage for this sample is 905x

Analytic Interpretation: substitutions, insertion and deletion alterations (indels), and copy number alterations(CNAs) 
in 324 genes and select gene rearrangements, as well as genomic signatures including microsatellite instability (MSI), tumor
mutational burden(TMB) 

Analytical sensitivity : >99% of exons at coverage >100X

Methodology: Illumina HiSeq platform

Procedure: employ a single DNA extraction method from routine FFPE biopsy or surgical resection specimens, 50-1000 ng of which 
will undergo whole-genome shotgun library construction and hybridization-based capture of all coding exons from 309 cancer-related genes
, one promoter region, one non-coding (ncRNA), and select intronic regions from 34 commonly rearranged genes
, 21 of which also include the coding exons. The assay therefore includes detection of alterations in a total of 324 genes.
Using an Illumina HiSeq platform, hybrid capture-selected libraries will be sequenced to high uniform depth 
(targeting >500X median coverage with >99% of exons at coverage >100X). Sequence data will be processed using a customized 
analysis pipeline designed to accurately detect all classes of genomic alterations, including base substitutions, indels
, focal copy number amplifications, homozygous gene deletions, and selected genomic rearrangements (e.g.,gene fusions). 
Additionally, genomic signatures including loss of heterozygosity (LOH), microsatellite instability (MSI) 
and tumor mutational burden (TMB) will be reported.


Disclaimer:
1. The information in this Report must be considered in conjunction with all other relevant information regarding 
a particular patient, before the patient's treating physician recommends a course of treatment. Decisions on patient care 
and treatment must be based on the independent medical judgment of the treating physician, taking into consideration all 
applicable information concerning the patient's condition, such as patient and family history, physical examinations, 
information from other diagnostic tests, and patient preferences, in accordance with the standard of care in a given community. 
A treating physician's decisions should not be based on a single test, such as this Test, or the information contained in this Report. 

2. Foundation Medicine Inc. only provides PDF report as an official issuance of the test result. Any other 
transformed format is not an "official / formal solution" and not guarantee the accuracy of this conversion. It is 
suggested the hospital to verify the outputs and validate the suitability of use. 

About FOUNDATIONONE CDx, FOUNDATIONONE LIQUID CDx & FOUNDATIONONE HEME:
FOUNDATIONONE CDx, FOUNDATIONONE LIQUID CDx & FOUNDATIONONE HEME were developed and its performance characteristics 
determined by Foundation Medicine, Inc. (Foundation Medicine). FOUNDATIONONE CDx, FOUNDATIONONE LIQUID CDx & 
FOUNDATIONONE HEME may be used for clinical purposes and should not be regarded as purely investigational or for research only. 
Foundation Medicine's clinical reference laboratories are qualified to perform high complexity clinical testing. 

Reference: Frampton GM et al. Nat Biotechnol 2013