ORD-1644143-01

PATHOLOGICAL DIAGNOSIS: Pancreas ductal adenocarcinoma
Test Name: FoundationOneLiquidDx 

Relevant Biomarkers 

Biomarker Findings
Blood Tumor Mutational Burden - 0 Muts/Mb
Microsatellite status - MSS
Tumor Fraction - Elevated Tumor Fraction Not Detected

Genomic Findings [VAF%]
For a complete list of the genes assayed, please refer to the Appendix.
KRAS G12R [0.53%]
STK11 Y60fs*1 [0.62%]
TP53 P190L [0.63%]

Diagnosis: Pancreas ductal adenocarcinoma
MP No.: PF23072
Sample Type: Blood
Date of collection: 31 May 2023
NGS QC parameters: DNA input mass of 30ng for Library Construction.

Analytic Interpretation: Substitutions and insertion and deletion alterations (indels) are reported in 311
genes, copy number alterations (CNAs) are reported in 310 genes, and gene rearrangements are reported
in 324 genes. The test also detects the genomic signatures blood tumor mutational burden (bTMB),
microsatellite instability (MSI), and tumor fraction. FoundationOne Liquid CDx utilizes circulating
cell-free DNA (cfDNA) isolated from plasma derived from the anti-coagulated peripheral whole blood of
cancer patients

Analytical sensitivity : The estimated LoD for short variants is 0.40% for the enhanced sensitivity region and 0.82% of the standard sensitivity region. 
The median LoD is 30.4% tumor fraction for copy number losses.


Methodology: NovaSeq 6000 platform

Procedure: The assay employs a single DNA extraction method to obtain cfDNA from plasma from whole blood. Extracted
cfDNA undergoes whole-genome shotgun library construction and hybridization-based capture of
324 cancer-related genes including coding exons and select introns of 309 genes, as well as only
select intronic regions or non-coding regions of 15 genes. Hybrid-capture selected libraries are
sequenced with deep coverage using the NovaSeq 6000 platform. Sequence data are processed using
a customized analysis pipeline designed to accurately detect genomic alterations, including
base substitutions, indels, select copy number variants, and select genomic rearrangements.
Substitutions and insertion and deletion alterations (indels) are reported in 311 genes, copy number
alterations (CNAs) are reported in 310 genes, and gene rearrangements are reported in 324 genes.


Disclaimer:
1. The information in this Report must be considered in conjunction with all other relevant information regarding 
a particular patient, before the patient¡¦s treating physician recommends a course of treatment. Decisions on patient care 
and treatment must be based on the independent medical judgment of the treating physician, taking into consideration all 
applicable information concerning the patient¡¦s condition, such as patient and family history, physical examinations, 
information from other diagnostic tests, and patient preferences, in accordance with the standard of care in a given community. 
A treating physician's decisions should not be based on a single test, such as this Test, or the information contained in this Report. 

2. Foundation Medicine Inc. only provides PDF report as an official issuance of the test result. Any other 
transformed format is not an "official / formal solution" and not guarantee the accuracy of this conversion. It is 
suggested the hospital to verify the outputs and validate the suitability of use. 

About FOUNDATIONONE CDx, FOUNDATIONONE LIQUID CDx & FOUNDATIONONE HEME:
FOUNDATIONONE CDx, FOUNDATIONONE LIQUID CDx & FOUNDATIONONE HEME were developed and its performance characteristics 
determined by Foundation Medicine, Inc. (Foundation Medicine). FOUNDATIONONE CDx, FOUNDATIONONE LIQUID CDx & 
FOUNDATIONONE HEME may be used for clinical purposes and should not be regarded as purely investigational or for research only. 
Foundation Medicine¡¦s clinical reference laboratories are qualified to perform high complexity clinical testing. 

Reference:
1. Clark TA, et al. J Mol Diagn 2018
2. FoundationOne_Liquid_CDx_Label_Technical_Info 20201109